What is the title of your repository?
A Professional README.md Template


What is the purpose of your project and how would you describe it?
As a developer I wanted an efficient README generator where I could quickly create a professional README file for a new project. The generator is node.js based. It enables me to very quickly produce a top quality README file that I can add to any of my projects.


Are there instructions on how to install the application?
What are the steps for installation?
Step 1: Install node.js. Step 2: Install npm. Step 3: Install the modules fs, inquirer and util. Go to your terminal and type in npm install + module name. You are now ready to use the application.


Are there instructions on how to use the application?
Describe how to use the application.
Step 1: Clone this repo to your machine. Step 2: Open up your terminal. Step 3: Change to the relevant directory containing this repo. Step 4: Type in node index.js. Answer the node prompts. Once complete, the README.md file will be produced. Click on the file then right click and select the option Open Preview. This will let you see what the end product is going to look like.



Do you have any media to include?
Insert your local media url (eg., ./graphics/screenshot.png)



Can your project be tested by other developers?
Explain how other developers can test your project.
Developers are currently doing research on how this project can be improved.


Are there any contributers or would you like any outside contribution to your project?
Provide information (who & how) others have contributed to your project.
Below are links to resources I have used to help build this project. If you have any thoughts or would like to contribute, please let me know by email.
